docs: add SMB scenarios, mark identity/security subs as optional, add DDoS warnings (#4097)
Azure/Azure-Landing-Zones: docs/content/accelerator/starter-terraform/options/ddos.md

You can choose to not deploy a DDOS protection plan. In order to do that, they need to remove the DDOS protection plan configuration and disable the DINE (deploy if not exists) policy. You can either comment out or remove the configuration entirely.

{{< hint type=danger >}}

> **Security Risk:** DDoS Protection Plan is a critical security control for public-facing services. Disabling it without an alternative leaves your workloads vulnerable to DDoS attacks. If you turn off the DDoS Protection Plan, you **MUST** implement [Azure DDoS IP Protection](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ddos-protection/ddos-protection-sku-comparison) on every public IP address in your environment to maintain your security posture. Failure to do so exposes your public-facing services to potential service disruption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Security Risk:** A DDoS Network Protection Plan is a recommended security control for public-facing services. Disabling it without an alternative may leave your applications and workloads vulnerable to DDoS attacks. You should weigh up the pros and cons of before deciding to disable the DDoS Network Protection Plan and also consider how you will protect your applications and services without it. You may decide the DDoS IP Protection offering per-Public IP is a suitable option, as detailed [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ddos-protection/ddos-protection-sku-comparison), or an alternative solution. 
```

Softening this slightly
